Just because the Frozen Hearts
case took a supernatural...
super... sad turn
does not mean that
we have no leads.
We still know what connects
each victim.
Charity's a soul, okay?
So, you're the FBI.
Let's profile this thing.
We can interview Matthew Burke's
family or talk to Jake's mom...
First of all, there's black ice
on the roads
from last night's storm and
the Trenton Bridge is closed.
So we're stuck on the island.
And we don't have
unlimited resources.
It takes months to put together
accurate victim profiles
in typical cases.
And this, well, isn't typical.
It's supern...
...tremely sad.
This is ridiculous.
So what are we
gonna do-- nothing?
People are gonna die.
The only immediate way to know
which people on Earth
have the last two pieces[phone dings]
of Charity's soul would be
to ask the Copperhead himself.
Or we ask the Copperhead's wife.
Ace thinks Charity Hudson's
haunting the Historical Society?
You said you take leads
from anywhere.
Prove it.
♪
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Call from Temperance. [phone vibrates]
That's, like, the third call
you've ignored from her.
What happened?Oh, you know, nothing much.
It's just, after the Burning
Sorrows destroyed her body
she stole
her daughter's face.
Yeah, you mentioned.
Intense and creepy.
Yeah, and Nancy doesn't even
seem bothered about it.
She says it's the only way that
Temperance could have survived,
but... I'm just worried that
my judgment about Temperance
may have been clouded because
I was so excited to become
a Woman in White. And now
I can't shake the feeling
that-that she's hiding something
from us, and that she
is a low-key sociopath.
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Your message to Temperance says:
"I can't shake the feeling that
she is hiding something from us
and she is
a low-key sociopath."
Ready to send?
Oh, no, no! No, no, no!
Do not send.
Cancel. Do not send!
[sighs] Okay, so-so...
so what do I do?Okay, well, you're gonna need
way more than a teeny tiny
feeling about this
if you want Nancy
to take you seriously.
[entry bell jingles]Sorry, we're closed right now
because of the ice on...
Okay, good, because
Eve needs our help.
Cool. Um, I need
to talk to you first. Come on.
Sorry.Two secs.
Hi.
Okay, I know we haven't
seen each other
since you and Eve met up last
night, but I have some news.
That relic lead I told you
about a couple days ago?Uh-huh?
It worked.
We extracted Odette's soul.
She's gone.
What... gone-gone?
Forever?Forever! No more
shortened lifespan!
Oh, my God![laughs]
Oh, my God, George!I know!
It's incredible!I know.
Mm. You're cured!Mm. I'm cured!
So, wait, wait,
wait. Wh-Wh...
When'd this happen?Two night ago.
Two nights ago?Mm-hmm.
Why didn't you
tell me right away?
I tried to, but then you
disappeared for 24 hours
and you were catching up
with Eve last night...Oh, so, wait, wait--
you're telling me I spent
an entire night talking
to an old friend instead
of finding out my fiancée
got cured from a
terminal condition?
Hey, don't feel bad. I needed
time to think about things.
What'd you need to think about?I don't know. Things.
What things?Why are you mad?
I'm not mad.Well, you look mad.
NICK:I'm not mad. I'm-I'm...
I'm-I'm thrilled, all right?
GEORGE:
Okay, good, 'cause I'm excited
to spend the rest
of my life with you!
Yeah, that's the part
where they start kissing.
Sort of their
natural progression.
So, what is it that
we can help you with?
I'm a suspect
in a murder investigation.
My boyfriend and I
were celebrating
our one-year
anniversary.
We took his
parents' sailboat
out in the harbor
for the day.
We were partying
with another boat.
One minute, the
sun is shining,
and the next minute,
it's sunset,
and Anthony is dead.
His body dragging
behind the sailboat,
caught in one of
the boat lines.
Oh, my God.
Okay, so, the-the investigation
is open and you're a suspect?
Do the police know
you fled to Maine?
They haven't charged me yet.
And it's not
technically fleeing.
I read about
the crazy mysteries
you guys have solved
on @NancyDrewsNews.
And I came across
the Fan fan site.
George lost time when
Odette was in control.
What if I'm possessed?
What if this thing inside me
wants to kill somebody else
that I care about again?
I've lost time before
this boat trip.
Usually for just
a few minutes, but
if this spirit inside me is
getting stronger, then that
would explain...Okay, so, Odette
became entwined with George
when she died,
and Nancy had to use
a mystical shroud
to-to bring her back
to life.
Have you been
mystically resuscitated lately?
Just because I haven't had
any near-death experiences
doesn't mean
I'm not possessed.
I was the only one
on that boat,
and I know the cops
are gonna say that I did this.
And if I did, possession
is the only explanation.
NICK:
Okay, possessed or not,
let's just figure out if you
actually killed Anthony first.
Yeah.
NANCY: Hey!
We came right over.We?
Ah. Becausethe FBI
is notoriously open-minded
about ghosts.
People say they see Hoover
in the building all the time.
Really?No.
Okay.
Well, for the last two
weeks, this building
has shown signs
of a haunting.
And with each haunted event
caught on the cameras,
there's a supernatural glitch
hiding an audio frequency. I
deciphered said audio frequency
and found a distinctly
female voice
on the recording.
That's point two.
Ace, that's incredible.Thank you.
What did the voice say?
WOMAN:
Die. Die.
Okay, that ghost
is telling you to die.
Is there a point three?Yeah.
I scrubbed through
all the security footage
and I found the day that
it began. November 27th.
That's the night that Temperance
returned to Horseshoe Bay.
And we know that she has
a fraught relationship
with her daughter Charity...Yeah.
So maybe Temperance's return
stirred up Charity's spirit.
Interesting
but circumstantial.
Well, then allow me
to present point four:
the first
supernatural event.
The night Temperance
came back to town.
Keep your eye on that
paperweight on Hannah's desk.
Power goes out,
glass turns clear.
Like a signal.
Hmm.
Six roses.
The symbol for Women in White.
Charity Hudson
was a Woman in White,
so it can't be a coincidence.
It has to be Charity.
It's like our brain's
the same brain.
How exactly can a ghost exist
if its soul was divided
into four pieces before death
and two of those pieces
are still intact
in living human beings?
NANCY: That's a good question.It would be a better question
if the premise wasn't flawed.
Agent Park
presumes that
ghosts and souls are the same.
My experience has shown that
hauntings do include souls,
but also Viking gods,
demons, ghost loops.
Residual hauntings,
like Agnes Marvin
in the Captain's cottage.Exactly. Not all
paranormal events
are tied to souls.PARK: But you yourself
said Charity's spirit
was disturbed
by Temperance's arrival in town.
Yeah, it was a literary
flourish. "There are more things
in Heaven and Earth,"
Agent Park.
Okay. Uh, how do we get Charity
on the tip line?
Well, uh, there's just
one thing. Remember how
nor'easters in Horseshoe Bay
blow restless spirits ashore?
Mm-hmm.I'm sorry, what?
With all the icy
weather incoming...
WOMAN: Die. Die.[various voices chattering]
Charity's not
the only one here.
BESS:
Okay,
typically, when a mysterious
woman shows up from a man's past
with a tragic backstory asking
for help, it never goes well.
I mean, come on, possession?
Okay.It just doesn't add up.
Look, I agree,
but let's at least find out
how Eve's boyfriend
wound up dead in the water
before diving into
the possibility of possession.Okay.
I know I sound crazy.
You should try to prove
that I killed Anthony knowingly.
I'm serious.
Follow your gut.
The evidence will prove
that I'm possessed.[phone dings]
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Would you like a new event
created for your gut?
No. No, no, no. Ew.
Sorry, that's just
my overactive
phone assist...
BRB.
Nature calling.
[coughs]
[loudly]: Every time I
think I hear Charity,
another voice will sh...
[normal volume]: Every time
I think I hear Charity,
another voice shouts over her.
So we need a way
to amplify the signal.
Like a totem.
Something that
she touched the day she died.
Her wedding ring.Her wedding ring.
So, the Copperhead...
hung onto Charity's doll
for over 150 years,
and he kept this chest
in the cell with him.
No wedding ring.
Time for plan B.
Uh, creepy,
secret underground cage.
I'll get our coats.
[ringtone playing]
Ace's phone.Our phones are always
listening to us, right?
Well, mine just
gave me an idea.
I need to know how
to access passive recordings.
Well, the recordings
are only gonna be, like,
a minute long, at most.
Unrelated: you've spent
some time with Agent Park?
He showed up here with Nancy.Hmm.
Hmm?Yeah,
you know that hot, stuffy
feeling you have right now?
That might be because
the window for you and Nancy
is closing and you're
finally realizing it.
Who said I had windows or...
feelings?
I know you.
I'm your platanchor.
Anyway, can you text me
those instructions? Okay, bye.
Step one...
[typing]
[phone whooshes]
Wh...
NANCY:
Ace, what's going on?
The door's sealed.
I can't open it.
PARK:
Ace, are you okay?
[glass shatters]
NANCY: Ace.
Ace!
[static]
Okay, well, I'm sure
he'll get the hatch open.
He's very resourceful.
Meanwhile, since
we're stuck down here,
want to go look at the cell?
There has to be something
of Charity's.
How have we found
nothing yet?
All right, think.
Think, think, think.
Okay, the Copperhead's mission
was tied to Charity.
He split her soul
so that Temperance
could never reunite with her.
And he hated Temperance,
just like his mother did.
He let Cora
turn him into a monster
so that he could
carry out her plan,
and then he waited here,
living off of rats...
Hmm.
[thud]
Got something?
Yeah.
Yeah, there's a symbol
on the ceiling--
could have been left
by Cora Dow
or the Women in White.
But this metalwork is the same
type as the-the padlock
and that broken key
that we found.
So maybe this
is the business end.
Good find.
But the key
didn't belong to Charity,
so it won't work as a totem.
We need something
that belonged to her
so that we can ask her ghost
where the last two pieces
of her soul are.
And if we can't do that,
then two more people
will die supernatural deaths,
and I'm the only one
that can do anything about that,
and the whole town
is counting on me,
and the only way that I...Have you ever been in love?
That's off-topic.
I'm sorry,
are you just
gonna sit there and do nothing?
Because, for all we know,
the only reason the Copperhead
isn't here right now
is because he's out there,
freezing another heart.When an investigation
hits a wall, the best thing
you can do is nothing.
Sit in the discomfort of
not knowing the way forward.
Clear your mind.
Give it a try.
This better lead
to an amazing epiphany.
Are you meditating?
I'm imagining what it was
like to be Beckett Dow.
Alone in an iron cage
for over 150 years.
You're shivering.
Yeah, I mean, the-the air flow
in these tunnels
makes it feel like we're
outside in Arctic temperatures,
so of course I'm shivering.
Not gonna let you
freeze to death.
Clear your mind.
Why would Beckett Dow
choose to imprison himself?
Wait, what do you mean,
imprison himself?
Take a look at these
bolts on the bottom.
They're a different
shape than the bolts
on the rest of the cell
and they're on the inside.
This section of metal here--
the finish is
slightly different.
The cage was completed
from the inside.
He didn't trust anyone else
to lock him inside this cage.
He had to do it himself.
Hatred can drive a man
to do a lot of things.
But Beckett didn't
hate Temperance.
His mother did.
Somebody else's hate doesn't
make you seal yourself
inside your own tomb.
Well, what does?
Love?But Temperance said it was
Cora's ritual that turned
Beckett into the Copperhead,
so he couldn't have
done that on his own.
Who says he did it on his own?
[cannon blast]
Beckett and Charity
were going to war.
What if they were trying
to find a way to make sure
their love survived,
even in death?
In that memory vision
that we saw,
Charity told Temperance,
"You cannot imagine
the power of our bond."
Beckett and Charity could have
formed a lover's pact.
So, i-if Charity's soul
was split,
that she never moves on,
and if Beckett
becomes the Copperhead,
then he would act like a...
A radio?
Tuned into Charity's frequency.
Knowing she was
always out there.
Still doesn't explain
why the Copperhead
is going after Charity's soul
now that Temperance is back.
That feels like Cora's revenge.
In case you're wondering,
I'm clearing my mind
in hopes of achieving
further epiphanies.
♪
EVE:
Wow. You guys
are... thorough.
This police report from your
lawyer will only get us so far,
and we have to make do
without the actual crime scene.
Accident scene.Accident scene.
Uh, remind me: which side of
the boat was Anthony found on?
Yeah. "Decedent found attached
to lines on the starboard side
of the boat." And
Anthony had a cut
to the left side of his head,
presumably from the fall...
Weird.
W-What?
It's-it's just, Anthony
had a cut to the left side
of his head
anda bruise to the right side.
He hit his head
twice when he fell?
Or the bruise
on the right side of his head
came from someone striking him,
causing him to fall overboard.
Sorry.
Do you remember a moment where
Anthony might've hit his head?
I wish I could, Ned.
Believe me.
Can I see your phone?
If you can't remember
what happened,
I have a way to get a glimpse.
Unless, you do... remember,
and you don't want us to know?
Thank you.
So, our phones
learn voice commands
by listening to us, even when
we're not speaking to them.
These recordings
are stored in the cloud
and then eventually deleted,
but since the trip
was only a week ago...
[short chuckle]
I found one passive recording
made during the boat trip.
Are you waiting
for applause?
EVE:
Stop lying!
I saw you. You kissed her
right in front of me.
ANTHONY:
Why the hell are you
so uptight? We were having fun.
EVE:
How could you? You selfish,
cheating piece of...
[motor revs][waves splash]
Sounds like he
was unfaithful
and you were about
ready to kill him.
I didn't tell you about
the fight because I don't
remember it. I found this
article online about someone
who was possessed and they
kept getting into these
crazy arguments with people,
and I just...
Eve, you are
not possessed, okay?
Why do you keep
harping on this?
Because there is no other
explanation that makes sense.
You selfish,
cheating piece of...
[motor revs][waves splash]
That noise--
that's a speedboat.Yes.
I told you guys,
we partying with another boat--
two girls we knew from school.Okay, right,
and do you remember
Anthony kissing one of them?
You do, don't you?
Eve, why didn't you tell us?
Because she's building
an insanity defense,
and admitting an earthbound
motive for murder
muddies the water?
I mean, I'm sorry.
Okay! Well, that motive
could go both ways. Right?
What if the girl he kissed
got angry 'cause Anthony
wouldn't break up with Eve?
And just because it sounds like
the boat's leaving
in the recording
doesn't mean it actually left.
Mm-hmm. They could have circled
back. I mean, this recording
is really close to the
time of death. Maybe...
They saw something?
You know, we should...
Scrub Instagram
and find them?
We're the perfect team.
Come on, social media savant.
I sound angry
in that recording.
I know you.
You are not a killer.
Neither are you.
How come you haven't
been back home?
I mean, not even for one visit?
Uh... uh, I guess
it feels like my...
my life got divided in two.
Everything that happened
before that night at the party,
and everything that happened
since I went to juvie.
And Florida
is part of the before.
And right now...
I need to be in the present.
I understand.
But
I know you, too, Ned.
And I know
there's another reason
why you haven't
come back home.
Maybe you could bring George.
Nick, George wants
to show you something.
Okay, good.
You found the girls
on the speedboat. But does this
help or hurt Eve's case?
Look at his
right eyebrow.
The mysterious bruise.
Not from someone hitting him
over the head before he died.
And he's clearly drunk
at this point, too.
These are all things
Eve can use in her defense.
Okay...
You're amazing.
But...
No, youare amazing.
You didn't doubt her,
not for one second.
We're amazing.
Yes, we are.We're, like,
we're, like, a...
like a perfect team.
Mm-hmm.
Why are we waiting
any longer to get married?
What?No, I-I'm serious.
Aft-After everything
we've been through--
me getting locked up,
you-you having to take care
of your sisters,
you know, facing down
a shortened lifespan
because of Odette.
Life... life is already short.
And I don't want to waste
a single second of that time
without you as my wife.
The sooner we're married,
the sooner our lives
can really begin.
You want to elope?
Well, when?
Well, they say-they say
tomorrow's not promised, right?
So... how about today?
Yes. Yes!
NANCY:
Okay, let's talk
about what we know.
Thought we were
clearing our minds.
Yeah, well, talking
keeps me warm.
So, 156 years ago, Beckett Dow
split Charity's soul
into four pieces
and those four pieces
jumped into the nearest four
people on the battlefield.
From that, we can
extrapolate that
when those four people died,
Charity's soul jumped
into the nearest person.
And so on.Which is why you think
that profiling
won't work, right--
because the-the
soul jumping's random?
I'm nodding.
Can you tell?[chuckles]
Um, once-once Charity was dead
and-and... and-and
her soul was split,
Beckett returned
to Horseshoe Bay
and, uh, and-and
followed the instructions
to make himself
the Copperhead,
to complete their lover's pact.
Temperance said that she thinks
that the Copperhead's
gonna destroy Charity's soul
and himself in one fell swoop.
And if we're right
about the lover's pact,
that makes this
a tragic love story.
Beckett hopes to be reunited
with Charity.
I-It's never been about revenge.
It's always been about love.
They just want
to be together, forever.
So you have been in love.
[static]
[groans softly]
[distorted voices]
WOMAN'S VOICE [distorted]:
Ace.
Ace?
Charity?
[static continuing]
Charity.
Not Charity.
Die!
The limestone's
crumbling there.
Oh, my God.
Charity Hudson Dow.
This belonged to Charity.
We have a totem.Let's hope Ace
got that hatch open.
Hope you don't mind that
I borrowed your keys, Eve.
[scoffs softly]
Do you want to explain to us
why you hid
your dead boyfriend's
$27,000 watch in your suitcase?
You broke into my car?
What happened to
"follow your gut"?
Or did you only
want us to do that
when we were proving
your possession excuse?
That is a violation, Bess.
She's been cooperating.
Oh, excuse me
for wanting answers.
I mean, come on--
why was that in there?
Okay, Eve, why was it hidden?
Come on.You gonna say
it was a gift
or that you have no idea
how it got in there?
Is it possessed?Anthony probably
put it in the dopp kit himself.
He was obsessed
with that thing,
and if he forgot to take
it off while we were
on board, he probably just
tucked it in there
for safekeeping. I don't know!
God, she is using us,
and at the very least
she's trying to worm her way
back into Nick's life
and ruin your
relationship.That's not true. Ned!
And at the very most,
she's using us
to get away with murder.
Come on!
Okay, but to kill
someone over a watch?
Clearly, they were having
troubles in their relationship.
Uh, angry girlfriend
plus a big payday?
I mean, people have killed
for a lot less.[entry bell jingles]
[scoffs]
See?
Guilty.
Already on the run.
Without her... without her keys
and her phone and her jacket?
In the middle of
an Arctic front?
It's, like... it's, like,
12 degrees outside.
She blacked out.She blacked out.
Oh, for God...
NANCY:
The escape ladder
should be down this way
based on our walking pace
and the amount of corridors
we've passed.
Trying to plot a mental
map of the tunnels.
Still resisting the
discomfort of not knowing.
Yeah, well, it's just
how my mind works.
It's an incredible mind.
You can do anything.
That's why you feel like
you have to do everything.
Find the totem, ask the
ghost, save the town,
map the tunnels.Are you-are you
profiling me
or you making of fun of me
or both?
It's a compliment.
But I know just because
you can't do everything
doesn't mean that it's easy
or doesn't require
constant intentionality
and effort.
You're definitely profiling me.
It's how my mind works.
You don't have to do anything
to mitigate my discomfort.
I am...
good with walking
into the unknown.
[thudding in distance]
Ace?
Oh, my God.ACE: Hey!
Oh, good.
I have a couple of things.
Uh,
we're gonna have to replace
the hatch. Also,
I was wrong. We're not
dealing with Charity.
But whoever the ghost is,
she still wants us to die.
The icy front, though,
has kind of made her strong,
so I think we should
probably vacate the premises
until the freeze passes.
After you.
Eve?Eve!
Eve!
Eve?
BESS:
She's here,
by the water!
Eve, stop!
GEORGE:Eve, be careful.
There's an undertow!
Eve!
No, Nick,
be careful!
Eve! Eve!
No!GEORGE: No, Nick!
Hey, hey, no, no.Bess, what do we do?
I don't... We just stay
here. Just stay. It's okay.
Where is he?
[groans]
Nick, come on!
[panting]
Oh, thank God.Come on.
So cold.
Here. There, are you okay?Come on. Come on.
Come on.
Come on.Come on.
Come on, come on,
come on, come on.
Oh! Oh!
Oh, my God.
Oh, God.
What just happened?
[sharp exhale]
[indistinct conversation]
Here.Thank you.
They're still talking.
Do you actually think
that Park can help Eve?
Yeah, she's in good hands.
[typing]
We already did a
social media dive.
BESS:
Except we didn't find
anything that was from
a story or a snap.
Those posts go away
after 24 hours.
But nothing's ever gone
from the Internet.
BESS:He's looking for deleted
posts. Maybe those can
give us some answers.Yeah, it seems like answers
are hard to come by today.
We were wrong about it
being Charity
who was haunting
the Historical Society,
which means
we lost our only lead
on Copperhead's
next victim, so...
Yeah, and you touched a dead
person's snot rag for nothing.
I still think these things
could be useful,
even if Charity's
not around to talk to.
You really think so?
Yeah, I do.
Um... uh, Park said
he thinks he has an explanation
for Eve's blackouts.
He said it's a trauma response.
Eve started having
lost moments of time
a little over two years ago.
So, the blackouts are real?
So, Eve's blackouts
started after you...
killed someone
in self-defense.Uh-huh.
Usually the kind
of behavior exhibited
is either, um,
self-soothing or, um,
self-harming.Like walking into the bay.
Yeah.
He said, uh,
the blackouts
are triggered by, uh,
Eve's emotions being heightened.
Like during an argument.
Hey, this...
this is not your fault,
all right?
No, no.
Th-This is mine.
[computer chimes]
Got something.
This is a deleted story,
geotagged in the same harbor
that Eve and Anthony were in,
right around the time of death.
GEORGE:
There's Eve.
She's winding
and unwinding a line.
That's repetitive movement--
self-soothing behavior.
ACE:
And there's Anthony.
He looks a little...
[gasps]
It was an accident.
You didn't have
anything to do with it.
And I am so, so sorry
for-for getting carried away.
I have trust issues,
and think I was projecting
my distrust of someone
else onto you.
Maybe you are right.
I mean, you weren't
right about me.
But you were right
to keep digging.
Maybe you should
do the same thing
with this other person.
Thank you.
For helping Eve.
And for going on
that wild-goose chase
at the Historical Society
earlier.
[chuckles softly]
So, what's the plan now?
Well, I just thought
that I would take some advice
that I recently received...
and sit here
and do nothing.
Care to join?
You can have
the bigger half.
BESS:Oh, and
I nicked this out of your bag.
It's... bad habit?
I really didn't know
this was in there.
I'll give it back
to his dad.
It's been in his family
for generations.
Generations!
Oh, my God.
Is she okay?Oh, yeah,
yeah, she does this
all the time.
What if it's not random?
What if Charity's soul
is passed down generationally?
Uh, if that's the case,
then all we'd-we'd need
to prove the theory
is to confirm that
Matthew Burke and Jake Cazine
had ancestors at Gettysburg
the day Charity died.
And if they do,
we can extrapolate
who the next victims would be
from there.
We could
compile a list
of potential victims.
I mean, it'll be a big list,
but it's a lead.
A solid lead.
Because Jake Cazine
had an ancestor
who fought with the 20th
Maine Regiment at Gettysburg.
Jake used to go
to reenactments with his dad.
The courthouse closes at 5:00.
Oh. Okay. Uh, we-we still
have time, right, right?
Can we-can we
check on Eve first?
Yeah.
You all right?
I was thinking about
what you said about windows.
So I wanted to...
just text
Nancy something.
"I have something important
I want to tell you.
Can you meet me at the
loft at 8:00? Alone?"
It is both perfect...
and sent.
Bess.
You will thank me later.
Hey, we have to follow
our instincts.
No matter where they lead us.
Your instincts are uncool.
You are fine.
And no.
My instincts are leading me
to a currently unoccupied
Icarus Hall.
The Trenton Bridge
is still closed
and Temperance's voice mail
said she's stuck in Ellsworth.
Thank you, phone assistant,
for transcribing my messages.
Good luck.
Everything okay?[phone vibrates]
Peachy.
See you later.
NICK: Give me two secs.GEORGE: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hey, what's this?Agent Park
put together a list
of psychologists
that he knows in Florida.
He thinks they can help
with my blackouts.
You're going back to Florida?For winter break.
Maybe longer.
I got some things
to process.
[sighs]
It's me, isn't it?
I'm the reason you never
came back to Florida.
Because you blame me
for what happened that night,
and I...No. No. No, no. God, no.
Eve, no.It's...
It's because I'm ashamed.
Okay? It's because...
...everyone back home
expected great things from me.
College. NFL career.
Success beyond their
wildest dreams, and instead
I killed a man and I went
to juvie. It feels like
I can't go back home
until I make better
than what everyone expected.
The only person putting
that pressure on you is you.
I'm starting
to realize that, yeah.
And I hope
you believe me
when I say this. You have
nothing to be ashamed of.
You were amazing then
and you are amazing now.
Mm.
But I won't push you to go back.
Especially since I don't much
feel like going back myself.
GEORGE:
Hey.
Then don't go back.
Stay in Horseshoe Bay.
Thank you, George.
But
no, I-I have to go back.
I have to start
processing my trauma.
And...
you two still have time
to get to the courthouse.
I heard you earlier.
Go get married.
Be happy, Nick.
[chuckles softly]
♪
What? No. It's 4:50.
We have ten minutes.
Maybe-maybe they shut down
for the weather?
A little frost, and the halls
of justice stop?
I don't think so!
Excuse me! Hello?!
Ma-Maybe there's a sign, huh?
Maybe we should, uh, we should
try again tomorrow.
No.
No way. No.
You know what's a sign?
You not drowning.
Us getting here in time,
despite heroics
and black ice
being on the road,
and a freakin' murder
investigation.
Hello! Whoa.[door opening]
Sorry about that.
I'm the only one here today,
and I was just about
to head home.
Lucky thing I heard you.
Hear that? Lucky thing.
[both laugh]
We would like to
get married today.Yes.
Please.Well, you came to
the right place. Come on.
♪ This feeling.
Okay...
All the paperwork's
ready to go.
Great.
Oh.
Everything okay?
An aisle.
I-I should walk down
an aisle, right?
Right, right.
Yeah. Of course.
Um, uh, Judge Goodman,
would you mind?
Sure.
How's this?
Yeah.
This... is good.
JUDGE GOODMAN:
Whenever you're ready,
just walk towards us.
♪
I can't.
Oh, I want to so badly,
but I don't think I can.
I can't do this.
Give us a second?
Mm-hmm.
Hey. Hey, hey.
You okay?
I just keep thinking
"what is marriage?"
It means entwining
two souls together
for the rest of their lives.
Hey, marriage isn't
the same thing
as what happened
with you and Odette.
Isn't it, though?
Nick, I said yes to you
earlier,
but it's because of that
same fear
that made me propose to you
in the first place.
"Life is short.
Tomorrow's not promised."
But, Nick, if-if you and I
do this now, we'll be like
two plants that
wrap around each other
before they're fully grown.
And then they spend
the rest of their lives
struggling for light and water.
I want to grow
next to you, Nick.
I want to live so badly.
And I don't want us
to make this decision
just because we're afraid
that our lives could end
at any moment.
I want to tell you
you're wrong.
Because I love you.
And I want to spend my life
with you.
Ah...
But after what happened
today with Eve,
I know I have healing
to do, too.
So... let's grow side by side.
Strengthen our roots.
Next to each other.
And we don't-- we don't...
We don't have to rush this.
Right?
I mean, Charity Hudson
and Beckett Dow
rushed into a marriage,
and look what it got them.
Four pieces of a soul
and an obsession
with eating rats
and frozen hearts, so...
[laughs]
Yeah, that's a...
that's a vivid
and excellent point.
You and me...
we got nothing but time.
[sniffles]
Will you ask me again
one day, please,
Ned Nickerson?
You better believe it,
George Fan.
[sighs]
We still haven't confirmed
Burke's family connection
to Gettysburg, but I'll make
some calls in the morning.
Good work, Nancy.
Yeah, good night,
Agent Park.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[whispering]:
Okay, if I was a
200-year-old witch,
where would I hide compromising
evidence against me?
Okay.
Oh, it's a nice chair.
Who are you writing letters to?
[grunts]
"I let her think my charm would
bait the Copperhead,
"but I designed that charm
to awaken
"the Burning Sorrows
as a way to get Nancy
to trust me." No. No.
Why is it blurring? No![clattering nearby]
Oh, gosh.
[clattering nearby]
[loud bang echoes]
No, no, no, no.
I need evidence! No!
I need to find more evidence.
Okay, okay.
[phone chimes]Send a message to Temperance.
OMG. So sorry I missed
your calls. Crazy day.
Let's get brekkie first thing
and talk Long Night Ball plans.
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Ready to send.
Oh, yeah.
♪
[clang reverberates]
[door opens, closes]
NANCY:
Ace?
[clock ticking]
Oh, no, I am sorry.
I lost track of time.
I was working on the key.
Nancy.
[slow knocks on door]
Hannah?
What are you doing here?
You can see me?
I have been trying
to contact you all day.
Oh, this isn't what
I wanted, no.
We're both in terrible danger.
BESS:
Nancy, who is it?
It's the phantom knocker again.
There's no one here.
Nancy, wait.
She can't see us.
♪
Where are we?
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
[woman screams, bell dings]
[pencil scribbling]